Gave it a chance, loved it.
I read the other reviews and was scared to try it but I did anyway cause I already payed for it.
I started with dark brown hair and It turned out just like the box said.
there were a few red spots but not really noticeable.
My hair does feel a bit dried out afterward but that was the only real problem I had,I say give it a chance, its really a beautiful color.
NOT BLACK.
I was excited to try this dye, as the picture on the box is a beautiful dark blackish purple shade, but like everyone else, it turns out a reddish brown colour.
I am angry because I wanted dark, almost black hair, and I've wasted 10 dollars.
I wish I would have read the reviews and hopefully it will change over the next few days, but I don't have a lot of hope for that.
My hair is practically the same colour and with the roots having a red shine and the bottoms are dull and brown.
DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU PURPOSELY WANT REDDISH BROWN HAIR.
IT IS NOT BLACK.
Good shampoo and conditioner
This was a good buy.
Great shampoo and conditioner.
I'm pregnant right now and for some reason by hair's really dry and these products did the trick!
Don't waste your money
I had high hopes for this product after reading all the wonderful reviews.
Alas, after 4 weeks using it, I can see no difference in my skin.
The product itself is very oily to the touch and although it does make my skin feel soft, it is no better than the store products I used to use, which cost a lot less.
Does the job...
I'm a 55 yr. old male...still have a nice head of hair, but it's gotten drier over the years...I shampoo my hair every day,...this product works for me.
Kind wierd
I got this shampoo to help build up and give vitamins to my fine hair.
It's ok but it doesn't really feel like its cleaning my hair, more like its drying it out.
I use the conditioner too and both of them I find hard to cover my head and the cond. does n't feel like it's doing anything.
I wont be getting this again.
Very rare color!
I like the green-to-black color so much, which can be hardly found in other brands.
As usual, it needs to take two layers to enrich the color.
Not satisfied
This cologne did not smell at all like the explanation led me to believe, but I have learned that until I put it on my skin - I will not really know.
SO - I will not purchase untried scents on-line any more!
Boucheron Miniature perfume
The smell is pretty but i could not hardly smell it and it didnt stay on too long.
It seemed as it was watered down too much.
Wonderful Skin Care
This is an effective night cream (with active and natural ingredients - multivitamins and green tea) that moisturises as well as targets wrinkles and skin discoloration.
Its light and fragrance free texture makes it suitable for most skin types, ideally for 25years+ to matured skin.
Noticeable smoother and brighter complexion in five weeks.
Can be used on other parts of body e.g., hands and arms.
A wonderful skin care product at an affordable price, big thanks to Neutrogena.
Highly recommended. 
LP, Melbourne. Australia
Boring Characters
The concept of this book was interesting to me but this book is boring.
The characters are one dimensional and the main character is lame.
I decided not to finish it after reading other reviews that say it is a waste of time (I got about half way through).
Horrifying Animal Cruelty
ANIMAL LOVERS BEWARE!
This book contains horrifying and graphic descriptions of animal cruelty.
Sure, the protagonist loves animals and is appalled by it, but I found the many passages with violence against animals (and people) so disturbing that I didn't enjoy the book.
Read it at your own risk.
Usually a fan, but unimpressed
Let me start by saying I love Agathie Christie, she's one of my guilty pleasures.
There's nothing cosier that sitting in a lovely warm living room reading an Christie novel while it's raining outside.
That being said, this novel is very odd and uninspiring.
It's not one of her typical murder mysteries...and it's all very farfetched and just barely comes together in the end.
Fans of her usual material might seem a bit baffled by this 'novel'.
This probably would have made a fine screenplay...but there's not enough coherence or guts to it, to make it a good novel as such.
The characters also, are rather forgettable.
The climax to the novel as well, is all rather odd and unimpressive.
A fast read notheless.
False motives
This Agatha Christie novel has a deliciously complex plot with the usual twists and turns which are uncovered by the inimitable Hercule Poirot.
A young woman named Rosaleen has married a man named Underway.
Upon Underway's death, Rosaleen remarries a wealthy man named Gordon Cloade.
He dies two weeks after the marriage, which makes Rosaleen a very wealthy widow indeed.
She and her brother come to take over Cloade's home and fortune, much to the dismay of Cloade's family who have lost a fortune to her.
Soon a man comes to town and claims that Rosaleen's first husband, Underway, is not dead, meaning Rosaleen is still married to him and so should not inherit Cloade's fortune.
People begin to die and one of the Cloade men asks for Hercule Poirot's help in solving the mystery.
Poirot interviews the people involved, gets his little gray cells working and puts together the puzzle to solve the murders.
This is another wonderful book by the world's most famous mystery author.
A chore to read
I purchased this book because I liked the title.
The writing style is the biggest problem I had with this story.
It is a book that you could set down at any moment and never pick up again.
I had to MAKE myself read this, and it was grueling at times.
That being said, the story line itself is quite good, which has saved this book from getting one star instead of two from me.
I haven't seen the movie yet, but my inclination is that it would be much better than reading the book... and if not, at least it would be over in 2 hours!
A classic
Arguably one of Arthur C. Clarke's best novels.
Classic Sci-Fi, beautifully written.
The story deals with the spread of humans across the galaxy, once it has been determined that the sun is dying and will go supernova.
"Seeder" ships have been sent out to create new civilizations on worlds identified as compatible with human life.
In this story, the residents of Thalassa, a planet primarily of ocean with small land masses, must interact with another seeder ship that is in need of repairs in order to continue its voyage to a planet 300 light years away.
The interaction between the Thalasseans, who lead a bucolic, agrarian life, and the people on the space ship is reminiscent of the interactions between the Pacific Islanders and the seafarers of the 1800's.
Disappointed!!
For months, everytime I was in a bookstore - I found that I would gravitate toward this book, read the back and place it back on the shelf.
I should have listened to my instinct.
After many positive recommendations from friends and reading the reviews, I relunctantly check the book out at the local library.
I started reading with an open mind.
After about 200 pages, I phone my friend to ask her if I was missing something, because I just didn't care of the story and I couldn't seem to find a connection with any of the characters.
At this point, she instructed me to stop reading - "because of you don't like it now, there isn't anything earth shattering that will happen that will make you change your mind."
I didn't listen, and she was right.
I laughed so hard milk came out of my nose!
The premise is the end of the world, which, under normal circumstances should not be all that humorous.
With Gaiman and Pratchett at the helm, however, these are not normal circumstances.
This book almost could not fail since Gaiman and Pratchett are two of my favorite authors.
This book has the interesting characters and dialog that I love about Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett's snappy wit (after all that he's written, how can he keep coming up with stuff that's so funny?!)
I laughed out loud several times while reading Good Omens, something I've not done since reading Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
I've read (and enjoyed) a lot of books by both authors, and I think that this book is better than either of them had written by themselves.
Get it and read it!
Just don't do it while drinking milk.
A Great Story.
The Most Amazing Tale of Human Ingenuity and Creativity!
Yet another hit by Simon Singh, who has officially surpassed Brian Greene as my favorite science writer.
Did you ever wonder how we know how far the Sun is, or the size of our galaxy?
Singh begins with a surprisingly thorough history of astronomy and cosmology, dating back to Ancient Greece.
You will be amazed by how much the Greeks knew about the Earth and the Solar System.
Eventually, all our past knowledge of both cosmology and nuclear physics converges to this beautiful theory of the Big Bang, the birth of our Universe.
This book is totally worth it for the catalog of sheer ingenuity of mankind.
Singh makes it extremely entertaining by bringing all the historical scientists alive.
My only gripe is that some parts are rather slow, and, similarly to the Code Book, the last 50 or so pages are _really_ slow and rather unpolished -- it's like Mr. Singh doesn't like to finish his books.
But overall, an excellent trip through the Cosmos.
Well worth it.
Showing their age but still beautiful books
These were my favorite books when I was about ten years old.
I read them and reread them until "I knew" how all those "things" worked!
They are worn and a little dirty now but I still cherish them.
Sadly they are showing their age: the focus of the text and the drawing slowly diverges from what is now relevant.
Nevertheless, their crisp industrial focus still shines through, and still gives these books their beauty.
Miserable
A faint excuse for hard rock, in any case, would surpass System of a Down's awful music, and their CD "Toxicity" is no exception.
The song that is the CD's namesake has no identifiable beat.
Chop Suey is half-assed.
Half of the remaining songs are worth little.
There is not a track on Toxicity that is worth anyone's time.
System of a Down, a bad band in any case, has not had much luck in displaying their apparently quasi-mystical musical talent, and it remains to be seen how anyone can enjoy System of a Down's music-that which lacks tone, feeling, or any sense of emotion.
Mesmerizing
There are no words to describe Jeff Buckley's music.
Well, there are, but I couldn't put them together adequately to convey his brilliance.
It is incredible to see him sing and play.
This man's voice is the best instrument on the stage.
I know I sound starstruck, but he truly is stunning in every way.
This review won't be helpful to people looking for technical or musical information, but if you know anything about Jeff Buckley and wonder if this DVD is worth it, I can tell you it is.
On a more personal level, he is as physically beautiful as his music and heartbreakingly human.
Purchase a different R.E.M. product
Yuk!
The cover of this DVD is misleading -- the cover does not disclose that this product is merely a collection of amateurish (artistic?) video clips running in tandem with R.E.M. music.
Be warned -- this is not a collection of the band's professional videos; and the band should have ethically disclosed this fact on the cover.
This taught me not to buy music DVDs in some store; instead I'll check reviews on this website beforehand and purchase through Amazon.
Best Album Ever By System
Before System of a Down got repetitive radio play with Toxicity in 2001, they released this masterpiece.
"Sugar" is a f**ked up song, but in a good way.
They get really experimental with their music.
"Spiders", the second single, is mellower, but still a good song nevertheless.
This is a good album.
You should buy it.
Not a fan
I love green tea, I love Kit Kats, but the two do not belong together.
I hate the after taste of them.
Best readily available food coloring, great assortment
Yes, they are totally artificial.
But for special events like birthdays, I honestly feel that its okay to use them, and nothing colors frosting like gel food coloring.
I used to buy the single larger colors, but Id end up having them for years, and they do get funky tasting.
Im so happy to have found this assortment.
It has every color a person could need, including dark and light skin tones.
And you can blend them to make even more shades if you desire.
Each color comes in a smaller size than when you buy them individually, which is great for me because I only use them 4-5 times a year.
Flavorless and not that strong
This brand of tea felt stronger in the past.
Now it feels more ordinary.
Relative to other teas I have consumed, this one has no flavor whatsoever.
It is not even Organic, but that's okay as it was never advertised as such.
I will not be buying it again.
Meh
The packaging was bad to begin with, it was in a yellow envelope and the box was crushed.
Then the tea itself... Well it was tolerable, but not very good.
It just had this strong chemical-vanilla flavor, so I won't be ordering again.
Maybe my taste buds are different.
I just tried this sauce moments ago.
Someone had brought some in to work and it was being passed around.
I love hot food, so I figured I might as well try it.
I have not explored any exotic peppers or sauces - just the usual jalapeno, habanero, cayenne, and other ordinary peppers.
I'm no expert and would never claim to be, just to be clear.
My initial impression of this sauce was "yuck" because it was so bitter and metallic and unpleasant to me.
It is hot, yes, but not OMG-I'm-dying hot.
Just... hot, and with a flavor-if you can call it that-I would not want on my food.
Also, the heat lasted only about five minutes or so, without me even drinking anything.
Better than most super spicy sauces
I put this in the category of 'super spicy sauces' - but - I don't think it is by any means too spicy.
Flavor isn't too bad, a sort of smoky tomato base flavor.
More than anything, the heat comes through.
This is pretty good for spicing up soups, chilies, etc.
However, not really all that good for spicing up a sandwich or something, not because it is too hot, just don't care for the flavor that much 'straight up.
'All said, this is better than your average 'super spicy' sauce.
Most seem to just have the awful capsaicin extract flavor (and nothing else), which to me is inedible due to the terrible taste, not even the heat.
Dave's really isn't bad, but not my favorite either.
Love the soup, order arrived damaged.
This soup is my favorite Progresso soup, so my rating is for Amazon's handling.
Amazon is not properly packaging this product to arrive to the customer undamaged.
Over half the cans were severely dented upon arrival, however I was lucky and didn't have one spring a leak like some others have mentioned in their reviews.
Will buy locally in the future as the Amazon price isn't really that competitive anyway.
Fantastic
I only recently discovered vanilla bean paste.
While it is not really a paste, it is thicker then regular vanilla extract, more like a syrup.
The flavor is amazing.
I love the little specks of vanilla bean that it adds to any recipe.
Everything looks a little more special and homemade.
This is now my vanilla of choice.
The price is good too.
More milk for sure....
Purchased these for the wife since she wasn't producing enough milk for our newborn.
Within taking the pills in one day she noticed she started producing much more milk.
Much more milk that we have a surplus in our freezer.
Not sure what causes the milk production but these were recommended from her doctor.
Good gelatine
This is a good gelatine with no flavor whatsoever, so it can be used to gel anything.
I dissolve a tablespoon of gelatine in juice or tea daily because it helps my joints.
But I also use it to make gelatine desserts, fortify soups and stews, and in aspics.
This brand isn't as fine a gelatine as I've had, but the quality is very good.
I've got no complaints.
I like honey a lot... I like this honey A LOT
I have tried a lot of different honeys.
I guess I would say I am a honey connoisseur.
This honey is smooth and almost creamy.
It is a bit pricey so I only use it for gourmet recipes and health care products but it works well.
Good sturdy jar and it tastes pure and unprocessed.
Can We Please Have Less than One Star????
I was really excited to try these lollies.
Don't be.
Most of the flavors taste nothing like their names.
They are overpriced and extremely poorly packaged.
If you think you are going to get some nice thing like the picture shows, GUESS AGAIN!
They arrive dumped in a plastic bag, which has been dumped in a box and dropped from a great height.
For the kind of shipping they want it would be reasonable to expect a better presentation.
These do last for a long time, which isn't really a plus since the flavors are nasty.
If only they could get together with the people that make Jelly Belly and get some flavoring from them.....
have you changed the rubber formula ????
Hey Gilmore I have been buying your hoses for years and only your hoses.
You stand behind your product and provide great customer support..
But I am only giving you 4 stars  because this hose and the 100 footer I bought  a few months back seem to kink more than my older Flexogens not sure why ?
Light Material.
Not heavy duty
This is that very thin material.
It is not heavy canvas.
It is probably okay for a mild climate, but will not last more than one season with heavy snow or rain.
We had a table cover made out of this thin material and the wind shredded it after only two months.
Spend the extra money and get a heavy duty cover.
Big, Lightweight Grill Cover
This grill cover is huge, big enough to cover both of our somewhat small grills at once.
The true test of a grill cover is how well it protects the grill and how long its protection lasts.
I can see that, so far, it's doing a good job of protecting both grills simultaneously.
By the end of the hot, humid Texas summer, I should have a fairly good idea of how long it will last, because any cover that's able to withstand several months of obnoxious heat will probably last for more than a year.
Time will tell, and, should it crash from the heat, I'll update this review.
FOUR STARS!
UPDATE:  July 22, 2014After less than three weeks, this grill cover has separated at the seams.
Soon it will be on the ground in pieces; therefore I have changed my rating from four to two stars, and I cannot recommend this grill cover.
Keeping Mosquito Population Down
We just received this unit this week, and can already note an improvement in our yard.
We have used dunks for some water gardens we have, and have been impressed with the Flowtron unit thus far.
A lot of dead mosquitoes every morning.
We hook it up to an outdoor timer and run the unit automatically from dusk to dawn.
It will take about three weeks for all the eggs to hatch and mature then we'll see a great reduction in mosquitoes.
It's been a very wet in North Texas and we have a bumper crop this year.
Am going to explore mixing up some hot pepper and garlic--recipes are available online as a barrier.
We hope a combination on factors can help rid us of a heavy mosquito population.
Have not noticed any beneficial insects on or under the grids.
We compared brands and sizes and selected this one due to reviews of others on Amazon.
Recommend the bigger wattage for better attraction of flying insects--with mosquitoes being our main target.
Portable Cushion post surgery
I purchased this cushion in preparation for hip replacement surgery.
I was told that I would need to sit on pillows for several weeks.
While regular pillows do work in some situations, this cushion has been a lifesaver.
I can easily place it in a tote bag and carry with me for use in cars and in chairs outside of my home.
I also use it on my home sofa and dining charis, sometimes in conjunction with another pillow, depending upon desired height/comfort.
The dark color keeps it looking new and the cover is soft.
This was a great purchase!
A gift for parents
I got two of these - one for my mom and one for my mother-in-law, both in their 80s.
What I wonder is why i didn't get one for me?
I will be wanting to order another for myself.
These were a big hit for these ladies and so useful.
As we age, we need more light to see what was once easy for us to read.
Often we are in areas where the lighting is poor or minimal.
This answers that need.
If you are looking for a product like this, try it.
It will meet your needs.
Soft, Shiny hair
I  have been using this as a hair treatment.
Leaves my hair feeling soft and shiny.
Love it!
It is very thick and sticky though so make sure you mix it with another type of oil.
I use Coconut oil.
Buy a different thermometer!
This one is a pain to get to work.
Do not waste your money.
This thermometer only measure 1/10 of a decimal point and it is such a pain to use.
It remembers your last temperature and displays that instead of taking your current temp when you turn it on.
There is only one blue button and I have yet to figure out how to make it start recording my temp - I push the blue button once and it shows yesterday's temp, hit it again and it flashes blank but nothin else happens.
The beeping while it records (when it finally starts!)is pretty quiet and I don't really mind that.
I just wish it worked consistently and actually measured the extra decimal point.
I've been using this to help diagnose hypothyroidism, but I would not recommend this thermometer for any purpose!
Leaves Skin A Bit Red
This product works.
However, do not leave it on longer than 10 minutes.
Even if your hair does not come off right away, do not leave on longer than instructed.
If you do, your skin will become itchy and red.
If your hair is stubborn like mine, do two treatments on separate days for 10 minutes.
Of course, everyone's skin is different.
Experiment but be careful.
Disappointing
We bought this for our elderly cat, who, sad to say, has passed on.
Many say that it is not recommended for animals, but our last elderly cat loved the heating pad so much... it eased her aches and pains.
A reasonable solution to the danger of direct exposure is to put it under the cat bed.
In the winter, I have found that my feet hurt when they get too cold, and we live with a low thermostat.
Unfortunately, when I tried it for that purpose, it simply did not get warm enough to really make a difference, even on the hot setting.
For that reason, I cannot recommend it.
Nasty to Drink, I'd rather take a pill!
This stuff is supposed to be mixed with water or juice.
I tried both and both were disgusting.
It makes the juice very thick and it hard to mix in and dissolve, it clumps up.
It makes the juice taste nasty even though it claims to be "tasteless".
I personally would prefer to pop a pill than drink this slop.
yuck.
Bad Side Effect
I have been using allergy medicine for many years and decided to try Claritin again since it was now over the counter.
After using it a few days I noticed a horrible headache and pain in the back of my head which I had never had before.
I thought it might be the weather or just stress but when I tried it again the next day the same thing occurred so if you find that you suddenly have an unexpected headache after using this product Claritin might be the cause be careful.
Nice mug
Overall it is a nice mug.
it is easy to use and comfortable to hold.
I wish it had better insulation.
If you are looking for your coffee to stay hot for a long time, this mug is NOT for you.
If you want a nice mug for short trips, this mug is perfect.
Not quite right
I purchased this item to help ensure correct posture while reading and typing up notes.
While it may serve for 'lite' reading, I found it to be cumbersome for larger books.
It is cumbersome because it does not have the 'handles' that should hold the bottom of each side of the open book are not adjustable.
The inability to adjust the 'handles' makes it difficult - if not impossible - for the unit to hold thick books that are opened such that an equal (and substantial) number of pages are being 'held' by each 'handle.'
Britain and Ireland maps updated and easy
This atlas is very easy to use and is not heavy.
I like the full pages.
The lesser roads are not all shown but the places to see are marked and will be easy to find.
Pretty rocking chair
The chair is exactly as pictured and once put together,  is very pretty and will be a cute addition to my granddaughter's room.
Hopefully it will last and she can give it to her child someday.
It took a while to put together, but the directions were clear and not hard to follow.
This is probably the most useless kitchen equipment you will ever own
This is probably the most useless  kitchen equipment you will ever own.
It will possibly chop AFTER you have already chopped everything into small pieces.
EVERY TIME, I try it I spend more time unclogging the pieces and hoping the blades will make even three turns without getting stuck by capturing a leaf, piece of cheese or whatever on their end and bringing it to a stop.
This unit is for decorative (???) purpose only.
Wish I had done my research..
I should have done more reading before adding this to my registry!
I really thought I would be impressed, seeing as it's substantial in weight.
CONS: the lid doesn't completely go on the unit, it's insanely loud, there is little to no difference in blending speeds for each setting, did I mention that it's heavy?, I could "puree" or "liquefy" for minutes on end and still have frozen chunks, it may hold 40 oz. but don't even try to blend that much - you'll get a mess
PROS: It blends soft fruits and items well, and that's about all.
Search elsewhere for a good blender!
A great product to have around the house
We bought this ice cream maker a week ago and it arrived in just 3 days from Amazon, that was amazing in itself.
We tried it out today though and it made ice cream in less than 30 minutes.
The ice cream is wonderful--just the right consistency and sweet and tasty.
It did not seem too noisy to us, as others said, but we found it less noisy than our mixer or blender for sure.
I am glad that we bought this product.
I think it will be a great tool to have when company is coming--and a lot more convenient and less messy than the other way of making ice cream that many of us grew up with.
It's not what it seems!!
I purchased one white and one green.
White one looks Okay.
Green one is disgusting, it looks very cheap and does not look like the picture that was posted in the website.
Very cheap material, specially those gold rings, those are made out of very thin plastic, ---very fragile.
But both has balancing issue and might fall down with a slight little push.
I would suggest not to put any plant that is on an expensive pot.
I bought these for my Desert Roses (Adenium) plants, those are planted on very expensive oriental hand painted pot.
I am not going use these plant stand for those at all.
I will put some cheap pot and plants.
Extremely uncomfortable
Having recently moved to the south we thought it would be suitable to put some rocking chairs on the front porch and spend evenings rocking away and chatting with passing neighbors as they walked down the street.
Had we known how uncomfortable these rocking chairs would be we would have never purchased them.
The issue is the angle between the back and the seat- it's far too upright and holds your back at an almost 90 degree angle.
I'd send them back if we could, but now that they are assembled they aren't easy to ship.
I was hoping that I could simply give them away but any neighbor who sits in them doesn't want them either.
These chairs need a major redesign!
One in a million
I've been on the search for the perfect wedding cake recipe for over ten years.
You can call it an obsession as I personally love the way wedding cake tastes and I'm not even married!
I bought this book as soon as it was published and the recipes are incredible - as well as the photos.
For anyone who bakes wedding cakes this is one recipe book worth the investment.
Great Movie--Poor Quality DVD
When this movie came out it was rumored around Florida State University that it was written in a week as a bet among friends; the author claimed he could write a novel in a week.
He did it and won $100.00 in the bet.
I recently saw this for the third time, the first in a theater.
I said from the beginning the author deserved his prize.
I have remembered this movie, and recommended it, for 43 years.
I still recommend it.
The acting is good, as you would expect, and it is a movie suitable for the whole family.
Thid movie will teach you nothing about history or politics, it has no social value to promote--not even abstinence.
What it will do is make you laugh.
Enjoy it.
One of my favorite Christmas movies!
Ignore some of the more negative reviews on here.
This made for TV movie really touches me every time I watch it; which is every Christmas.
The acting is splendid and the story is well written.
It is suitable for the entire family and it gives a good picture of the depression era of our country.
A couple you don't root for
A young woman decides to test her man's devotion by telling him she's going to an old boyfriend for a few weeks.
Apparently she wants him to get upset and forbid her.
But he plays it cool and lets her.
The result is a  year long separation.
Eventually they get together again.
But I didn't  root for them to make it this time, because they are just so childish and  annoying.
Why would they play a stupid game like that with each other?
Terrible
At 89 minutes long (including end credits) you cannot expect anything more than for us to be robbed in broad daylight.
Mike Myers is no writer that's for damn sure.
Apart from Austin Powers, Wayne Campbell, Axe Murderer and 54 has he ever been in a good movie?
No.
Wayne's World is hardly a plot  driven film.
Neither are the Austin Powers movies.
Or Axe Murderer.
54 is  junk.
He should not be a star.
Or a Megastar (which some people think he  is).
For example...in this film he and Liz Hurley are underground in the  Nevada desert.
She is wearing this silver two-piece costume.
2 minutes  later she is back at the Riviera hotel in a leather costume and another 2  minutes later she's back underground in the Nevada desert.
Mike Myers is  not a good writer either huh?
Never buy this or watch it.
You have been  warned.
Definitely Not For The Seasoned Piano Player
I bought this to use with my keyboard.
I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals.
It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used.
Doesn't have the same feel either.
Nowhere close.
In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice.
The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better.
The only thing I've found the Yamaha FC-5 Sustain Pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where I keep my electric guitar pedals.
Volume loss
All I gotta say about  this product is that I get a volume/tone loss when it's plugged; that is a very big problem for me.
Other than that is very well built, but the fact that it decreases my volume is a major issue for me.
Sounds Perfect
I have an electro acoustic Martin (second hand but without a scratch).
I got it with .13 strings and well, is simply too much.
Is good to play rithyms but can't do pretty much nothing else.
I have installed a set (I got 8) and it sounds really good.
Not as solid as the .13 but now i have more range to do solos and go up and down much easier.
Recomended
Too thick
This is my first guitar belt, it is not a good fit, the connection to the guitar is far too thick, I try to not remove it too often as it is highly inconvenient and hard to manage.
Other than that it is usable, sort of, but I am thinking of getting some kind of metal hook instead, the thick leather is so unpleasant to deal with.
Good Value
Unit works fine with my digital piano.
It's light, portable and fairly sturdy.
The price is right for what you get.
Going to get them for all my guitars
Very high quality they look as nice as my Fender originals .
Make sure to take your time installing them correctly and consider using a quality wood glue / adhesive during installation.
You want to make sure they can be removed at a later date without damaging the guitar .
Dead on Arrival
Sadly, I can't review the mic itself nor the cable that comes with the mic as they were both non-responsive.
I tried the mic with other cables I have lying around that I know work, and I got nothing; it was like the mic wasn't plugged in at all.
And the cable included in this pack, well, the plastic (not metal) connector to the mic was cracked.
I still tried it with a difference mic... static.
I can't blame Amazon for the broken bits as the whole thing was packed well and the box did not appear damaged.
The stand that comes with this set up seems really good for the price of the whole package.
I was impressed at how much of is *isn't* plastic. 
Still... I can't recommend this product.
Great straplocks!
I've been using these straplocks for over 10 years now and never had a guitar or bass break free on me either live or in the studio...they simply work and cost next to nothing to boot.
Folks, this is the best insurance you can buy for protecting you precious instrument from popping off of you strap, even if you do some serious gymnastics on stage it's not going anywhere.
This is a must have, just buy it!
DVD for Cats
Purchased this cat DVD for our active cat.
Hoping that it would keep his attention long enough to give me a break from playing with him.
I have to say that the first DVD is the only one that captures his attention for about 10-20 minutes.
The other DVD's he doesn't even look at.
Maybe I just have a cat that is just too active to sit still...I don't know.
I would recommend the first DVD only if you are thinking of trying it.
Great price and fast delivery.
Good idea, poor execution
I have two cats and thought this machine would be a great helper with unappealing litter box chores.
Well, I spent more time scraping "stuff" out of the rake than I previously did just scooping and dumping with my traditional litter box.
The rake would adhere to the solid waste while attempting to carry it into the waste receptacle.
This would make the machine get stuck going back and forth repeatedly trying to dump the waste.
Also, this machine is pretty loud.
I had to turn it off in the evening so it wouldn't scare everyone in the middle of the night.
One of my cats hated the screeching sound of the machine so much that she resorted to using one of my secondary bedrooms as a litter box to avoid the machine (she has NEVER done this before and she's almost 7 years old).
I returned the machine to Amazon and have happily gone back to scooping 2-3 times a day.
waste of money
seriously, buy a tape recorder and just play it continuously to your bird.
at least then, it will be your own voice he's hearing and not just some random person saying 'hello' over and and over again.
i'm sure repitition is good for them to learn, but i paid $11.99 for this?
the entire cd is made up of random words or phrases all about 3-5 seconds long.
the idea is to choose the one you want your bird to learn and then put the that track of the cd on repeat.
it makes sense, but really, couldn't you do it yourself for free?
also, alot of the words are things i wouln't want him to learn anyway, just random stuff you wouldn't normally even say yourself.
My dog loves it.
This is my dog's favorite toy.
It is the reward she will do anything for.
She recently ran away from the house in the dark and the way we found her was we went around squeaking the ball.
She galloped out of a neighbor's yard and ran to us immediately.
The down side of this toy is that it does not hold up to aggressive chewing.
I'm going to buy several of them.
We have to replace it every two months.
Exactly what I needed
My dog doesn't deal well with a lot of stimulation, and he doesn't really like to be petted, especially by strangers.
Unfortunately, he's also adorable and super soft, which means that people really don't get the message on that, and they don't always listen when I tell them to give him space.
This collar is bright and clearly legible, and I do find that people now see it and hesitate before they go to pet him.
That moment of hesitation is usually enough for me to get in there and say something.
It's sturdy, well built, and fits well.
Highly recommended.
Disappointed
One of our dogs has this issue, so we tried this product with the hope it would help.
Unfortunately, it slowed her down somewhat, but didn't eliminate the problem.
When the treatment was finished, she was right back to her original appetite.
We did not reorder.
My sense is that it depends to a large degree on the dog.
Great product
I like these perches because they are natural wood.
My birds seem to like the bark texture because they spend most of their time on these perches instead of their plastic ones.
The perches come in a variety of shapes which is good if you are ordering multiple perches.
All of the perches were as long as I was expecting them to be.
I would recommend this product for anyone with a cockatiel or similar sized bird.
Do Not Buy
I do not like this bird feeder, however, our birds do.
When I first hung it up and filled it with bird seed, it fell apart.
The only reasons we are using it are 1) I couldn't return it because we tried to use it and 2) my wonderful husband is a fix it man and was able to put it back together.
It is cheap plastic, and not well made.
This feeder is also difficult to fill, especially if you hang it.
We tried to find a pole, but couldn't find one the right size.
So it is awkwardly hanging on a shepherd's hook.
Next time, I will buy a wooden feeder.
nice bird house
this was for the wife and she loved it, have not installed it yet its to cold out to put up a bird feeder
Bird approved
Admittedly, the birds seemed to like the old wooden feeder better, but they are getting used to this one and using both the side and silo parts.
The squirrels like it too.
The post hole is tapered upward and square, so awkward to get balanced.
I used a post within a post to manage it.
It can hang too, but I chose a post mount.
The plastic is thin, but not delicate.
I don't expect more than a year or two of use before something breaks, but it's cheaper than the sturdier wood models and they do break and wear out too.
As long as it keeps the birds visiting, I like it.
Poor & expensive investment
I purchased this item in March because i liked the design/concept and the reviews were good.
I found it a hassle pouring the bird food in the little square hole and the plastic was very cheap.
In June after filling the feeder & putting it back on the pole, it fell & the plastic broke and all the food wasted on the ground.
I would not recommend buying this product..but if you do because you think it is "cute" only fill the feeder half way...but it is very poor quality for the price you pay!!!
Aarrgggghhhhhhh!!!!!!
This is a fantastic book!
I was looking for a gift for several friends who have cats.
I happily stumbled on this delightful, practical, colorful book!
My favorite thing is it's so practical.
You have everything you need for your kitty in one place.
That is so convenient!
My friends had their documents and photos all over the place.
Not only that, the book is easy to keep out in the open (very colorful! and the cover is easy to keep dust-free!)
My friends keep it right near their photo albums and it is a wonderful way to make Kitty feel like part of the family!
I also love that it keeps them organized.
I will definitely get all my Cat Lover friends this book!
This book is purrrr-fect!!
cheap
well bought this so i could have a spare cord since i have the original cord in my car with a usb charger there got tired of keeping track where i had it last.
so this cord works on when plugged into the wall.
when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything.
so if you just need a cord to plug into the wall this will work but don't even think of this cord if you want to use it with a pc.
At least it worked.
I ordered this because the Microsoft one is super over-priced, but in the end, it just would have been better to get the Microsoft one.
(or better yet use HDMI if that is an option) 
The overall build feels cheap, and looks cheap, but that doesn't always mean it is cheap, this time however, it did.
It works, I'll give it that, and it even came with a nifty little adapter/extender for the Audio cable, but the image is in triplicate, the main image in the middle, then a ghosted image on both sides.
It isn't so bad that you couldn't play but it definitely gets annoying super fast.
Just bite the bullet and get the Microsoft one, or get a new monitor for Christmas that has HDMI input like I did.
Be careful
I bought 2 of this and tried to test first ... after few minutes of charging, it felt hot.
Pulled it out and the product smelled burnt.
Tried the other one too and same thing.
Be careful... this one could be fire hazard or could potentially destroy the electrical system
The best phone I've ever owned
..and I'm from Europe, where the phones and networks are much better than in the States.
I have to say that I think Samsung currently have the best software (and I used to be a huge Nokia fan).
Amazingly light, very intuitive, great audio, and just looks great.
I recommend this without any reservations whatsoever.
very happy
Other than the high initial cost (I got it before they put in a promotion, duh), i really love this compact and stylish phone.
It's the best Nextel has offered yet, although there's rumor that a camera phone is coming out soon.
If you can wait, wait a bit longer, otherwise for walkie-talkie style cellular, Nextel is the best.
No delays like with Verizon (up to 30 seconds!) or Sprint (10 secs).
Walkie-talkie that actually works where there's coverage.
I'm a happy customer.
Check your power needs first
A very nice power inverter, especially for the price.
Just be aware of the wattage required for what you're trying to run.
I purchased this intending to operate a coffee pot, with no result.
After doing some research I find a coffee maker needs somewhere around 1000 watts to run.
Not Really a great headset
It's a great deal, so i jumped on it.
But was truly disappointed.
I've so far summed up Motorola products as well really really poor.
I own a Razar, wish i could return that!
But this headset, thinking it's from motorola would work well with my phone, but no.
It's on my belt clip, and the phone tell me that the bluetooth headset is 30 ft away, signal is weak, and then disconnets.
To me that's strange.
It's also surprising that this happens randomly, so it's kinda annoying, b/c you can't anticipate it.
Kinda annoying when driving, b/c you rely on the headset to work properly.
Also get the static noise which is weird, b/c it shouldn't do that.
especially when driving.
Poor Quality Cell Phone Charger
The charger only lasted a week ad after that it just stopped charging my Samsung Galaxy S3.
They really need to start making these chargers better....I've been thru several!!!!
Solid Case
Good case, solid build.
Protects phone all around with good access to buttons.
Battery charges with full battery lasts me a full day.
I usually leave my house around 7am and return at 10pm.
I'm glad that it lasts from start to end.
5/5
It Works Great
The big store that is in every town now (can't say their name) either does not carry anything or is always out of stock.
If they ever have anything is stock, it is cheap junk that does not last.
I got this cord thru amazon for a fraction of the price I usually pay for the junk at that big national store.
This cord works perfectly and has lasted for months now.
I also bought at the same time 2 other cheaper charger cords thru amazon that work perfectly.
Since this one still works, I have the other two to fall back on when this one finally goes out.
This is a great car charger, and it does not cost near as much as the junk you get at the local store--not to mention this is the Samsung brand charger verses their junk.
Not for bicycles
I did a search on Amazon for bicycle seat cover.
I saw the picture for this and the price and it looked perfect.
Unfortunately, I scanned the reviews too quickly.
What I thought I read was that it was a bit too tight so I was thinking this would be perfect for a road bike.
But in reality it apparently is perfect for a STATIONARY bike.
One of those with the huge seat on it.
For a bicycle this thing is too big, at least for standard seats.
I rated it for the quality and price which is good.
The description is misleading.
Dont buy it
I bought it not for softening my saddle.
The fact is I have a Selle SRL Titanium saddle in red color and I wanted something to use as a cover to preserve this expensive saddle during I transport my bikes or when I have to ride in very muddy conditions.
So I bought this product purely as a "cover" and I didn't make much research on this item, supposing that "any will fit"First of all, I was very unpleasantly surprised by the weight of this product.
It is unreasonably heavy, very heavy.
It is made very big just to be more universal and fit more saddles, but its not the best idea.
If you apply it on narrow saddle, than you cant fix this cover at all.
It moves and slips all the time.
Fixing strand is another bad idea.
In fact, I can't find any positive point in this product thus I can't recommend it.
Don't waste your money!
horrible product
I have owned many weight gloves over the years.
Many have lasted years and years of use.
This pair is already loosing its threads and coming loose after only a month.
I use many gloves and so I only used this one 1-2 a week max and it's already coming apart.
I would not buy this again.
Horrible product.
Stay away.
Company should check quality control on this product.
Awkward to fit, poorly made
I bought these for a seven year old who is learning to skateboard.
These are not a great fit (much too big) for his legs, and the plastic dome portion just slips around.
He also has trouble putting these on himself and it takes me quite some time to help him.
Good boxing gloves for the price.
These boxing gloves are for my husband to use.
They are of good quality easy to put on and handle well with the heavy weight bag we have at home.
Good fitting boxing gloves make a difference
The right size is everything.
I was using too small of a glove on the heavy bag and was experiencing rather irritating hand, wrist and elbow pain.
Went to the local sporting goods store and tried on some different gloves to see how they felt and found that this size felt much better on my hand.
Ordered via Amazon and noticed an immediate difference after one session on the bag.
These are great gloves at a great price and I look forward trying to wearing them out!
Perfect for 4-8 years old
Was having a hard time finding something with good quality for my kids to use when riding their bikes.
These works really well as they are easy to put in and take off.
Most important they stay in during a crash and protect well.
Also, they do not restrict movement.
Too short
I bought this with the intent of locking my bike around a stop sign and being able to lock both the front wheel and the frame to the sign.
Wow was I dissapointed.
It's only able to barely lock around the frame to street furniture like parking signs or stop signs.
I can't imagine it being any good at locking to an actual bike rack!
This is really better off used as a supplementary lock.
Get something larger if you intend to ride around an urban environment.
I suppose the locking mechanism works fine, but I haven't had much use for it as it's so useless in my environment.
Garbage, worthless.
Do not bother buying
I purchased these when I bought skates and a helmet for my five year old daughter to begin roller skating.
These are positively garbage.
I would waste your money on them.
First off I took them out of the bag and attempted to put them on my daughter, the strap came out of the pad.
All I did was un-Velcro it.
I sewed that back in because she was really excited to skate.
The plastic isn't sturdy at all, it is extremely thin and flexible.
This is NO help to the child's wrist when they fall, or their knees or elbows.
Horrible, cheap product.
Not worth the money!
Look elsewhere for knee, elbow and wrist guards/pads.
Do not trust the safety of your child to this inferior product.
It is worth spending more to prevent a trip to the ER.
DO NOT BUY!!!
The correct kneepad choice
I ordered these to use for snowboarding after I hit my knee on a hidden rock in some powder.
I don't have much to say that other reviews haven't already covered.
They are light, flexible, and not bulky (fit easily under my snow pants and they don't show through).
They stay put and conform to your knees throughout the range of motion.
They're comfortable and I never gave them a second thought once they were on.
It's nice to have warm knees too.
They're good for that classic snowboarder "kneeling while watching uphill for slower friends to catch up" thing.
I'm able to ride with more confidence now, definitely happy with this purchase.
I highly recommend these for anybody thinking they might want some knee protection.
Fun
I played for the first time with my husband last night, and it was simple enough to pick up and learn (we didn't do the advanced play)
We fudged some of the rules just because we forgot about some of the steps, but we beat the game and had a great time together.
We've never played any D&D; besides Three Dragon Ante and the video games, but my husband has read some of the books.
I liked the character choices and the enemies were interetesting.
It was challenging but not so much that we didn't want to keep playing.
Select winner at random.
There's no strategy to this game.
The conditions of victory are constantly changing so there's no way to know who is close to winning.
Someone just wins out of nowhere.
It's basically the same as rolling dice to see who wins.
It's incredibly boring and I'm perplexed that people rate it so highly.
new and cheap version
I had Mastermind as a child and loved it.
For our wedding, we registered for this - the new version.
The box is CHEAP - it will fall apart very easily.
It is also way too big for what is included inside.
The plastic board is also cheap, and the wall between the two types of pegs does not keep the pegs from mixing, so you end up picking the different pegs out of the other slot - time consuming!
Plus, the trays are so poorly constructed that it is almost impossible to close the lid without getting pegs stuck so that it can't close.
They should have just used the same construction as the old sets, and they'd have been much better off.
This game is boring.
The quality of the pieces is really nice.
But there is little interaction between the players and there isn't any rhyme or reason to the difficulties of the monsters and no way to improve your characters.
So if you are just interested in a luck-fest, this is the game for you.
Please Read - These Blocks are Terrible
I'm not sure how these blocks got any positive reviews.
Most important to me...all the blocks with the pic of an elephant are misspelled and read "elerhant".
The pictures over all are not great.
The grapes look like cherries...have you ever seen candy apple red grapes?
The apples look like red pumpkins.
Some of the blocks have pictures but the corresponding letter has been replaced by a symbol and other letters...confusing to a child trying to learn.
Additionally, the quality of these blocks is not great as the paint was already scratched off on a few when they arrived and the wood is frayed on some.
They have a strong odor (kind of like clay).
Lastly, they are quite small as others warned although the size is clearly written in the description.
I expect to see a set like this at a dollar store and would not recommend.
Box totally destroyed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am devasted!!
Got this for Christmas for a grandchild just received it and the box it completely ripped in back!!!
NOW what I am not rating for the puzzle but for the packaging!
Will you replace it or send a new one..........
Excellent teaching tool.
My son loves to put this together and take it apart.
He loves that he can count the animals or objects on each car to see which one comes next.
Only downfall is that its really long and take up a lot of space.
We use on a wood floor, I imagine that it would be difficult to keep together on carpet.
Useful
The Alphabet Train was a big hit in our house, and useful for working with letters, so we got this one.
My kid hasn't picked up all the numbers yet, but so far its been fun.
love this!
Both sides are magnetic.
A real plus when you're entertaining more than one child.
The four-year old can find the letters for the words, while the two-year old can find the pictures the words spell.
(I bought letters and magnetic pictures to go with this board).
Both grandkids liked it a lot, which means I like it a lot as well.
Have not even introduced markers, as this will be used strictly as a magnetic board.
A good addition to a great game.
I'll keep it pretty short.
If you're considering the expansion, I would hope you already own Last Night on Earth.
I think LNOE is a great game that offers suspense, teamwork, competition, and usually a lot of laughs.
This expansion does not change much.
What it does do is add some more locations (in the form of some new L-shaped boards), some new characters, new hero and zombie cards, and a few new scenarios.
On top of that, it comes with new game pieces that are used with the free scenarios available on the games' official website or that can be used to design your own scenarios.
In short, this expansion does not reinvent the wheel.
What it will do, however, is help expand and reinvigorate an already great game.
It's a little pricey, but if you like LNOE, it's a good investment.
Hurts my ears.
Came across this accidentally and took it home to play--thought it might be a good gift for a seven year old I know.
Games are fun, so far as I could stand the decibel level.
For me to hear the voices, the music was so loud that the total sound hurt my ears.
If the relative loudness of the music and voices were reversed, this would be a better product.
foto frenzy
it was fun finding the differences in the pictures, but it got boring when the same pictures kept comming up.
it would have been better NOT to have a time limit on these games.
that just makes it harder and frustrating for beginners like me.
i am handicapped and disabled and don't move that fast.
also i just turned 61, so i'm not that fast mentally either.
there should be an option to choose if you want it to be timed or not.
there should be that option on ALL games.
Worst Pokemon to date.
I throughly did not like this game at all.
Unless you enjoy being on a set track and taking pictures of pokemon with a limited amount of film and giving them food or bombing them or playing music for them and taking more pictures.
Then this game is not for you.
Still Fun...
Last year, I remember every boy in my class had Red or Blue Pokemon.
(Well, so did I,the only girl in the class that even liked Pokemon)
Every time I went to the Video Game stores, Red and Blue where always off the shelfs.
I went through so much trouble trying to find Red.
But now that's all over.
No one even cares about Red and Blue now,because of all those other pokemon versions have way better features.
Yellow has a cute little Pikachu following you as your companion.
Gold and Silver no have 100 new Pokemon to catch.
Crystal has animated Pokemon that wag tails, blink eyes, flap wings and move while battling.
Red and Blue is the original game, and it's just as fun as the others.
Just, well, older.
I still love the game, though.
Brass pictures (movies is not a fitting word for them) really are somewhat brassy.
Their alluring visual qualities are reminiscent of expensive high class TV commercials.
But unfortunately Brass pictures are feature films with the pretense of wanting to entertain viewers for over two hours!
In this they fail miserably, their undeniable, but rather soft and flabby than steamy, erotic qualities non withstanding.
Senso '45 is a remake of a film by Luchino Visconti with the same title and Alida Valli and Farley Granger in the lead.
The original tells a story of senseless love and lust in and around Venice during the Italian wars of independence.
Brass moved the action from the 19th into the 20th century, 1945 to be exact, so there are Mussolini murals, men in black shirts, German uniforms or the tattered garb of the partisans.
But it is just window dressing, the historic context is completely negligible.
Anna Galiena plays the attractive aristocratic woman who falls for the amoral SS guy who always puts on too much lipstick.
She is an attractive, versatile, well trained Italian actress and clearly above the material.
Her wide range of facial expressions (signalling boredom, loathing, delight, fear, hate ... and ecstasy) are the best reason to watch this picture and worth two stars.
She endures this basically trashy stuff with an astonishing amount of dignity.
I wish some really good parts come along for her.
She really deserves it.
This German horror film has to be one of the weirdest I have seen.
I was not aware of any connection between child abuse and vampirism, but this is supposed based upon a true character.
Our hero is deaf and mute as a result of repeated beatings at the hands of his father.
he also has a doll fetish, but I cannot figure out where that came from.
His co-workers find out and tease him terribly.
During the day a mild-manner accountant, and at night he breaks into cemeteries and funeral homes and drinks the blood of dead girls.
They are all attractive, of course, else we wouldn't care about the fact that he usually tears their clothing down to the waist.
He graduates eventually to actually killing, and that is what gets him caught.
Like I said, a very strange movie that is dark and very slow as Werner Pochath never talks and just spends his time drinking blood.
'Radio' is a beautiful movie based on a real story of the mentally challenged James Robert Kennedy, nicknamed 'Radio', and the football coach from the T.L. Hanna High School, Harold Jones.
Cuba Gooding, Jr. is excellent as Radio!
I would never imagine to see him in a serious performance, specially because most of the movies I watch with him are comedies.
Ed Harris is great as Harold Jones, but this actor IS great, so this is not anything new.
The mentally challenged young man called James Robert Kennedy, always walk around the T.L. Hanna High School, without bothering anyone and almost not noticed.
One day, when the football's ball is throw near him, he decides to stay with the ball, for the impatience of Johnny Cash, one of the best players from the football team and also one of the most unpleasant guys you would ever met.
One day, Cash decides to punish James, mocking him with other football players and even go so far as to tie him up.
When coach Jones discovers that horrible act, he stays angry and punish all the team, deciding for this day on to help James, who gets the nickname 'Radio' because of his passion for radios in general.
The movie shows how Radio becomes an adept assistant, helping the team train despite hardships from the players, and even getting respect from basically all the people who lives in the small city.
I would recommend this movie for everybody who wants to watch a real and beautiful story.
It has a life lesson,specially showing us how a person can make a difference, even not being what we call ''normal''.
Radio has a big heart and is incapable to hate anyone, and that's a thing that we all should apply to our daily lives.
Oh boy! Oh boy!
On the cover of worn out VHS has a picture of Sandra Bullock and her name written on top.
I think only reason they had chance to sell the movie in nineties, was because of Sandra Bullock's name.
Bullock's fans don't have to disappoint.
Sandra is only thing to watch in this movie and her performance is the only you can call acting.
Rest of the movie It's fun to watch in first fifteen minutes because it's bad but after that it's going worse.
Much worse.
Directing is awful.
Acting is awful.
Script is awful.
Dialog is awful.
Action is awful.
Music is quite good actually.
Typical score for eighties action movies.
This movie is so bad that it goes close to anything Andy Sidaris has ever produced.
It's so bad that there isn't proper word to describe this poor attempt to be a movie.
But still, there was Sandra Bullock.
And super cool (sarcasm) Jake LaMotta who tried to be Marlon Brando.
I think they can now bring the film out on DVD.
It could be cool!
And they should write on the cover: ACADEMY AWARD WINNER SANDRA BULLOCk IN HANGMEN 1 out of 10
Richard Abernethie, a very wealthy man, has died and his relatives have assembled for his funeral.
Included in the funeral party is Abernathie's youngest sister Cora Galaccio.
While none of the family has seen Cora in at least 20 years, they all agree that Cora was always a bit different.
So when Cora says something about Abemethie having been murdered, most laugh it off as one of Cora's eccentricities.
But someone is obviously taking Cora seriously.
The next day, Cora is found dead in her bed having been beaten violently.
Is there a connection between the two deaths?
It's up to Hercule Poirot to find a killer.
After the Funeral is one of the most well put together episodes of the entire Poirot series.
I've always been a fan of this particular Agatha Christie book and, from what I remember, the movie is as faithful to Christie's source material as any of the Poirot installments.
The mystery is top notch with plenty of clues, suspects, and red herrings.
And as I've written before, I always enjoy an Christie story where Hercule Poirot gathers everyone together in a drawing room for the final reveal.
It might be old fashioned, but that's the way I like it.
Getting beyond the plot, technically and artistically After the Funeral is a winner.
Sets, editing, direction, and cinematography are as good as you'll find in one of these movies.
The acting is equally impressive.
I've come to expect an enjoyable performance from David Suchet as Poirot and he doesn't disappoint here.
The rest of the cast is just as strong with Monica Dolan giving an especially noteworthy performance.
Other than a minor quibble with the rapid fire way the characters are introduced, I've got no real complaints.
It's a good show all the way around.
For those of you still in the dark, I will not spoil this Christie, as it is definitely one of her finest works, and I stress that you should see it whenever you next have free time!
If any of the adaptations are to be watched before (or in lieu of) reading the book, I would suggest "After the Funeral" for the following reasons.
I wanted to praise the performance by Monica Dolan (Miss Gilchrist), whose employer-companion Cora is brutally murdered at the outset of the film.
Her portrayal of a shocked, nervous, insignificant woman is actually moving, especially when she has a moment of personal connection with Poirot, another person who travels alone in "the journey of life."
And when the murderer is being revealed in typical Poirot denouement fashion, Dolan's reactions to the revelation are acting at its finest: you feel as angry at the murderer as you do sympathetic to Miss Gilchrist... something uncommon in Christie lore.
Although there are a couple of discrepancies between novel and film adaptation, as per usual (the business of the will perhaps making less sense in the film), the unbelievably lavish recreation of post-war England, thoroughly high calibre of acting and directing, and preservation (if not heightening) of Christie's mystery and intrigue render these discrepancies insignificant.
Bravo Suchet, Dolan and the whole team for crafting this masterpiece of murder mystery theatre, and the producers who gave it the green light!
Encore!
Unfortunately this is not as good as any of the other films that Jim Carrey (producing and starring) and Brian Grazer have worked on together, but bits of it are definitely worth a look for laughs.
Basically Dick Harper (Carrey) thinks he is being promoted to a better job.
That's until the company of Dynocorpe sinks and closes down.
Now Dick and his wife Jane (Ta Leoni), and their son of course, are in trouble with money.
No matter what they try, they can't raise the kind of money they really want.
So they start robbing a few places.
And then they decide to rob the guy that set Dick up, his ex-boss Jack McAllister (Alec Baldwin).
I think the most laughable bits are when Carrey's in the elevator singing "I Believe I Can Fly" and the bit when he ties up someone in a robbery, and is speaking with a voice changer (he sounds like a crap robot).
Okay!
This was a pretty dull movie, actually.
I think the problem with a French horror film, is that the French must be easy to scare or something, because this movie wasn't just that frightening.
The special effects with the mummy's ghost looked like they didn't even belong in the film, as though someone put them in during post-production to spice them up, because the actors barely react to them.
The plot just kind of meanders, which is the opposite of real storytelling.
I guess this was based on a French TV series, where they had to distill it down to a two-hour movie.
The plot is that a mummy is brought out of storage in the Louvre, which apparently has such weak security that this girl and her boyfriend can break into it multiple times.
(So THAT'S how people keep stealing the Mona Lisa!)
The boyfriend and the police officer from the 1960's version of this film get together and try to exorcise the demon.
So I'm not sure if this mummy was supposed to be a bad guy or not.
He kills two guards during the course of the movie, but he just wants to get to the afterlife.
along the history of cinema, there's been a few films that deceived the viewer, such as hitchcock's "stage fright", alejandro amenbar's "abre los ojos", David fincher's "the game" and this one "ausentes" ("absent").
to begin with, i don't like this kind of films, i feel like somebody is trying to pull my leg.
furthermore, after seeing this film one doesn't know what happened, is such a confusing film.
kubrick's "the shining" may be a better or a worse movie, but definitely is more honest than this load of pretentious and dubious situations.
technically is fine -nice photography, fair performance and so on, but the script is so poor i wonder what did the producers see to carry on and shoot this crap.
and this film remarks the 3 guys that wrote the script (calparsoro, loriga and quiroga) are lost in cinema trying to make a masterpiece -or trying to do something to fulfill their stomachs, awaiting for more personal projects.
This film offers you a fascinating trip through one of the most exiting cities of today - Istanbul - and its musicians.
Do not expect a compilation of Turkish folklore or anything like that.
Alexander Hacke, a German musician and member of the cult band "Einstrzende Neubauten" travels to Istanbul to get to know the music scene.
His sparse voice overs of what he experiences are a guiding line through the film.
But mainly German-Turkish director Faith Akin lets various artists from Istanbul do the talking - and of course their music.
You meet a variety of personalities, big stars and street musicians, young and old, people playing many different musical styles.
But this movie does not only introduce you to the sound of Istanbul.
It also draws a compelling picture of Istanbul today and how Turkey has forged ahead in the last decade.
The film characterises its protagonists with subtle humour, but never without respect.
All of them share a passion for music and the belief in its power.
Akin again shows his talent to portray diversity lightheartedly when he brings you close to completely different musical scenes.
After his award winning feature film "Gegen die Wand" (Head on) Faith Akin proves with "Crossing the Bridge" that he is equally able to touch, entertain and guide his audience in a documentary.
If you have never been in Istanbul, you will want to go there after having seen the film.
This movie was obviously made with a very low budget, but did they have to make it so obvious?
It looked like they made no effort to make the "future" look in the least futuristic.
For example, the first scene takes place in an 80's office building and all the cars that get blown up are from the late 70's (I assume they didn't want to blow up cars that cost more than $500).
Additionally, its pretty obvious that Don "the Dragon" is driving his personal car during the movie (after all, he did partially fund the film).
Finally, they point out at the beginning of the film that all kinds of drugs are now legal in this new "cyberpunk" society.
Not only does this never become important in the film, but later when don needs surgery without anesthesia, why doesn't he just go out and get some legal heroin or morphine?
The whole movie is sloppy like this and completely anticlimactic since Don easily blows up an "unstoppable" Cybertracker about 25 minutes into the movie.
However, if you find this movie cheap or free I'd watch it, the last scene is almost worth putting up with this whole film.
I rate movies on this site all the time, but I don't normally write comments.
However, in this case, I felt compelled to WARN OTHERS!
This movie is bad!
It's probably one of only a dozen movies I have scored as '1 (awful).'
I know people say this all the time, but this truly was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
It's easily on the bottom ten, anyway.
When it comes to horror movies, I have very low standards.
I'll overlook all sorts of shoddy film-making for a good scare.
But this movie is embarrassingly bad.
It looks someone bought a video camera at Sears and decided to make a movie with his buddies.
(The fact that every single crew member's name appears in the cast list proves this theory, I think.)
This movie has lower production standards than your average high school play.
It's actually a little shocking to see a movie that looks this bad released on DVD.
The special effects are somewhat effective at times, but are still amateurish at best.
The best thing that can be said about the actors is that at least they remember no to look into the camera, most of the time.
I can't say for certain if they struggling to remember their lines or making them up as they went along.
Any and all attempts at humor are lame.
This movie is such a colossal waste of time.
I have some of the older videos and dvds of Dr. Who.
I've played them over and over.
I adore each of the "Doctors" for different reasons.
But due to a man in the BBC hierarchy, Dr. Who was canceled, even though it was still one of the mainstays of the BBC line-up.
With the departure of Sylvester McCoy, the Doctor stayed alive through the fans.
BBC graciously allowed fans to write books, and cartoons.
The momentum of Dr. Who has been steady even after 1989.
Then they took a chance with Paul McGann.
The movie was flawed, but it gave the BBC an idea of what we wanted.
In 1999, the "man" was gone and the newbies at the BBC felt it was time to bring the Doctor back.
It was a complete success.
Here in America, the Sci-fi Channel took a chance and it has become a complete success as well, although the writers were having to start over and explain the Dr. Who mythology for new viewers.
It is incredible to me that they have done it.
In Season 1, staring Christopher Eccleston with Russell T. Davis as lead writer, and Phil Collinson as producer, the Doctor has come back to us and in each episode we learn more about who the Doctor is.
The Doctor Who universe has always been about "Choice", "Love" and "Sacrifice".
This is what they provided.
It makes me want more and it saddens me that Mr. Eccleston has chosen to leave the show.
My first Doctor was Doctor no. 3, Jon Pertwee's Doctor.
Mr. Eccleston needn't worry about his position in the Dr. Who universe.
It is as solid as the rest.
He is the 9th Doctor.
I didn't know of Mr. Eccleston prior to his performance in Dr. Who, but I do now.
I wish there was some way, he could know, there is push out in the Dr. Who fan community to find his other work and enjoy it.
We have already seen that he is a great actor.
I used to work at the company that originally put out this film, Vestron Pictures.
Vestron had the same problem that a lot of small independent film companies had, they didn't have a lot of money to put into the production values of their films.
Not that money alone will buy you a good film.
Look at Kevin Costner's Waterworld, for instance.
Sometimes, if you have a talented person in-house doing the acquisitions or development, you can create your own new talent.
But at Vestron, there wasn't such a person and they always skimped in some crucial area.
In this case, it was on the director and the writer.
Which makes it pretty hard to have a decent movie, even with the great ensemble cast this film has.
I think the basic premise of this movie was "Let's put a bunch of quirky characters in a room and see if anything interesting happens."
It's an intriguing idea, but not worth your time watching.
Most Vestron films ended up having a very distinctive look and feel to them.
My wife and I developed the ability to spot this quality even in non-Vestron films.
Many times, we were even able to spot that quality from watching only the trailer or TV ad.
We'd sit there, watching the trailer or ad, and afterwards, we'd turn to each, and almost in sync, we'd say, "Now that's a Vestron movie!"
This is a Vestron movie.
Although this movie is inaccurate overall, there are some items that may be true.
Certainly, he was a wild character in his youth, having played practical jokes on his fellow cadets at West Point, almost expelled several times, graduating last in his class (of 34), and often reckless in his leadership during the Civil War.
But history may have made him a scape goat of the Indian Wars.
Certainly, he did his share of cruel things, but how much was he under orders?
Also, there is evidence that he testified before Congress (at great risk to his commission and command) that he argued about the fairness of breaking treaties with the Indians and that if he was an Indian he would also fight rather than live on a reservation!
As a character said in the play 1776 when asked what will be said about the British about losing the Revolutionary War, the character states "history will do what it always does...it will lie."
Who knows how bad a man Custer was.
Certainly he wasn't the sympathetic character as portrayed by Errol Flynn and later by Ronald Reagan.
But I also doubt he was completely evil as he is later portrayed.
Really don't care that no one on here likes this movie,, i do , and that's what this review is about.
Lou Diamond Phillips is great in this comedic role.
that line about train a b and c is now to me an instant classic, the cg is great, yeah train looks a little fake,, but the aliens wow do they ever rock,, Todd Bridges,, where's Arnold, and Mr. Drummond,, wow he's been out of the loop , guess that's what jail does to you..
a bullet train is on it's way to Las Vegas with the Senator for him to deliver a big speech, a meteor has just hit,, and now all of a sudden we got aliens running loose aboard the train, and our hero cop has to save the day, to make matters worse his ex-wife is on board arguing with him.
i just thought this movie was so wonderful,, a must see if you like action.
Gilmore Girls is one of the funniest, most clever, sharp-witted, sarcastic and heart-warming television shows I've ever watched, (second only to my most favorite television show of all time, F*R*I*E*N*D*S).
The quick pace and many pop-culture references can leave some viewers confused, but once you catch on to the ways of the Gilmores, you'll be hooked for life.
Just some random comments, I recently (finally) began watching Season 6 and wow!
It's one of my favorite seasons so far.
I love the Luke-Lorelai thing and all the drama in the various episodes is (as always) exhilarating.
The only thing I'm not so fond of is the surprising bad attitude and reckless actions Rory has suddenly 'adopted'.
Unfortunately I don't find this very realistic and hope it's not just a way to stir up some more drama to keep the season going strong.
All in all great season though and I can't wait for the next!!!
~ Ashly a.k.a. "Tookie Clothespin"
The creator of Donnie Darko brings you a twilight zone themed tale of the oddest fashion.
The film centers on a middle aged young couple living paycheck to paycheck in 1976.
One day a mysterious box appears with a red button.
Later on that day a spooky gentleman shows up and tells them that they have the choice to press the button and receive a million dollars but someone they don't know will die.
It's a disturbing and provocative question suspensefully outlined in the trailer and TV spots.
But let it be known that you just don't know what your in for until you see it.
At times pretentious and a bit melodramatic the film is ultimately effective because of it's good performances and intriguing subject matter.
It would be unfair to ruin any of the plot twists for you but lets just say the film will deliver on the aspects you expect it to and not completely fulfill others it begins to outline.
There's a lot of apparent symbolism and subtext in the film which is both interesting and annoying as it wasn't so evident in his other superior film Donnie Darko.
There isn't too much more to say without ruining the film for you.
it's meant to inspire lots of cafe chatter afterwards.
However, i'd also like to say It's shot well and has an appropriately aged look to it and it's worth a watch.
Check it out.
...and normally i don't like surprises!!
Watch this movie by chance in a motel in South Africa second week of a three month motorbiking holiday in ZA.
Apart from being well shot and acted it helped me in understanding the countries problems tremendously.
Just watched the " Million Dollar Baby" and had to look up Hillary Swank since the name sounded somewhat familiar and her acting was superb.
Didn't realise she was the solicitor in the "Red Dust".
Well now i'm not to worried that she will disappear as so many other sidekicks of Clint before... Now i am being asked to write ten whole lines of comment which is rather ridiculous for i have written what i wanted to write.
OK, here it goes: I think if you are from a western country, especially Europe, watching will help you to understand a little better why what is happening is happening down there!
So this hopefully will fill ten lines.
This focuses around the lives of four women, all good friends, and their male companions.
Each has a story, the men as well, everything links everybody to everybody and everything is being brought to a quick change after a trip the girls take to Palm Springs.
Basically, the film is no different from other of the genre, but I liked the details.
Brooke Shields is a divorce that fears loneliness, therefore she bangs just about everybody to get to have a "warm body" next to her in the morning, but then can't really commit.
As a man, I find these women are a blessing :), but she is not a happy person.
Everything else that happens revolves around this crazy woman, but in the end we get more clarity over life and relationships, which is good.
I can't tell if the acting was bad.
It didn't seem to me.
The script was a little inconsistent, but not more than any romantic comedy.
It's a bit more depressing than most, which is good, because you don't get dreary romantic comedies every day :) It's worth a watch with the missis, especially if you have cheated on her or plan to ...
I saw this the week it opened four years ago and I really did not know what to expect being unfamiliar with Sorrentino's work at the time.
He has created a very intriguing and ultimately moving account of an odd character, one for whom the phrase 'life is for living' no longer applies.
It outwitted me at every turn and I was constantly surprised by the story.
I enjoyed the pacing very much and the way I was gradually given the pieces to work out what was happening.
Tony Servillo is superb, as is Magnani.
It opens with a brilliantly stylish wide shot and concludes with a very moving image that takes the movie into sublime territory.
I thought long afterwards about the main character and the position he was in and his final fate and I didn't shake it for weeks.
I recently bought the film and that final scene where he thinks about his friend gets me every time.
I still have yet to talk to anyone who has seen this.
It's a shame that it did not reach a wider audience as if this is the direction of Italian cinema it can only be a good thing.
No, "Lifeforce" is not a great movie.
It's not a good movie.
It is, however, an average movie with some good effects and a compelling storyline (and, of course, Mathilda May).
It may actually be one of my favorite SF/horror flicks for the very simple reason that they try to reason their way through the science of the space vampires.
How often do you see that?
Not even in "Alien" (the SF/horror flick of all time) does science come into the story at all.
In "Lifeforce" they are trying to make reason of an unreasonable world.
Now, do I think it's successful?
No.
I think the movie has the issue of a massive ensemble cast that Hooper is straining to keep collected and on track and that the viewers have to focus on more than one 'villian' and there are one too many road trips.
To be honest, the movie is eye candy and fun to watch.
but there is great potential here for a superior remake to take a hold of what Hooper was trying to do and really create a strong, scary, SF/horror movie.
If the remake does happen, however, I demand that Mathilda May have a cameo.
This film is completely underrated.
It's a film similar to Will Keenan and Patrick Hasson's Waiting, as well as Adrien Brody's Restaurant and the classic film Breaking Away, which are all about young adults who are stuck and know they're stuck, with little or no chance of breaking free.
Death By Pizza (Delivered) is about an intelligent, free-thinking, artistic young adult (Will, played by David Strictland) who is stuck and waiting, bitter at the world's hypocrisy and bitter at his own lack of direction and desire.
Will meets his nemesis, Reed (Ron Eldard), another intelligent young adult who's so bitter, he's chosen the path of crime.
Both end up helping each other to free themselves of their bitterness, which enables them to get unstuck.
For these young adults, getting unstuck, or, breaking free, can mean both forging ahead into life, and plunging downward into death.
Will's life is filled with the trademarks of a young "stuck" adult: a soul-sucking, sweaty, under-paying job, crude customers, an ex-girlfriend who left him because he was unmotivated, a partial college education with no degree, a house filled with self-made art, and of course the new friend whose ungodly choices help him to save himself.
I tired on several attempts to sit down and watch this program "Gilmore Girls".
It baffled me for I just couldn't put my finger on what this was about.
Was this about a young woman having a baby young in life and never growing up?
Was this about the daughter being more responsible than the mother?
Was this about a rebellious rich girl and her non-rebellious daughter?
What the heck is this show about?
Finally, I just didn't care.
The cast makes me want to scream.
The writing is neither "smart" or "intelligent" it's syrupy and tedious.
So why did I watch?
Because I heard SO many good things about this and I am not one to voice an opinion until I have watched.
Knee-Jerk reactions are usually wrong, so I watched a few times.
The first time I watched this, I saw the mother running around like she was 12 and the daughter acting like she was 40.
Maybe that is what didn't attract me.
I never liked any of the "Freaky Friday" films - not to say this is like that, but there are some similarities.
Also I have a friend who watches this show every week.
So I asked her, "What is this show about?"
A very bright young lady, usually articulate she never could give me a straight answer.
So I asked others who rave about it - they really don't know either.
Gilmore Girls is turning out to be a TV program that's like an "art house movie".
Many of us wont get it, but those that go try desperately to find a meaning where there really isn't one, just to be "hip."
Yes, I find Lauren Graham's Lorelai annoying - whine, whine, nasally WHINE.
A whole hour of that. Wow.
And the rest of the cast is about as memorable as yesterday's cheese sandwich.
The town is hokey, the men are wimps, the grand parents are boring, and sadly I find nothing redeeming about any of these characters or care about anything they do.
It's like watching paint dry on the wall.
I don't dislike Cary Grant but I've found his performances annoying in enough films to notice; this, Arsenic & Old Lace and Bringing up Baby.
I don't dislike him in North by Northwest but I really find that movie unbearably silly.
On top of that I find the endless raving about Grant's class tiresome.
I don't have a clue what his class does for the viewers who herald it.
It doesn't do a thing for me.
In the behind-the-scenes feature included with this DVD Patrcia Hitchcock says that Grant was her fathers favorite leading man; I think he was wrong.
Jimmy Stewart was a better leading man in a string of better Hitchcock movies.
With it's ruined ending this is really half a movie and doesn't bear discussion, and can't support the high ratings it's getting.
Even if the movie had it's ending intact there's not much to it.
Fontaine is a completely unsympathetic sucker.
She has to remain numb, inactive, and unwilling to contact anyone but Johnny for the whole movie, in either ending, for his ploys to work.
That's not much to work with.
Cary Grant begins every line with "Monkeyface..." until I wanted to strangle him.
He says it about sixty times.
It's positively grating.
Hitch's technique here is shockingly shallow.
An endless succession of rooms/sets have a phony skylight projected on the rear wall as a spiderweb effect.
And a light-bulb in a glass of milk may make fans excited, but it can't save a movie this poorly made.
Peter Bogdanovich should retire if he does one more Hitchcock/Cary Grant imitation on a DVD.
I think that's his whole career now.
As soon as I saw him, I thought, oh crap, here comes an imitation that only he's impressed with.
Instead there were two!
oh joy!
I'm a fan of the 1950's original and about 20 minutes into this remake I started to think this was going to be as good as the original but it wasn't.
The motive for the murders was incredibly stupid.
Two of the lovers in the movie turn out to be brother and sister-excuse me while I barf.
The main character stops in the middle of the movie to have sex which doesn't make sense considering the situation he's in.
If the film makers wanted a sex scene they should have put it earlier in the movie before the main character (Dexter played by Dennis Quaid found he's about to die and that he's accused of a crime.
There is a reason for where the sex scene is at.
Early in the movie Dexter isn't living life to the fullest so he's not interested in sleeping with Meg Ryan.
I still feel it would make more sense for the sex scene to have either been cut or earlier in the film and the two siblings not to have been lovers.
One of the dumbest parts of the movie involves a gun fight, a couple people getting killed and one person being run over all within 15 yards of a crowded carnival and yet NOBODY AT THE CARNIVAL NOTICES!!!
Also in the scene is the tar pits the university where the movie takes place is built on.
If you fall into the tar you sink to the bottom and in a matter of seconds.
Not only is it hard to believe stuff would sink that fast in tar, but more importantly who builds a university on tar pits.
I would say more about how stupid the end of the movie is but I don't want to put a spoiler in my post.
An introspective look at the relationship between Hawking and the space/time contingent.
This film expores the Gallilean and Newtonian laws and there relation to Einstein's Theory of General Relativity.
The film is methodically directed, exposing details of the man (Hawking) as well as his work (Black Holes).
Interviews with his family are a little too long so sadly there is less development of his theories and ideas.
A Philip Glass soundtrack superbly compliments the film.
Only one other man could compose such haunting instellar melodies (Jean Michel Jarre).
Overall I would highly recommend this movie on the basis of Hawking's 'nuggets of wisdom' and his adequate explanation of an Event Horizon!
My god...i have not seen such an awful movie in a long...long time...
saw it last night and wanted to leave after 20 minutes...
keira knightley tries really really hard in this one, but she cant handle it..dropped her accent every once in a while and didn't have the charisma to fill the role...
sienna millers acting gets you to a point where you start to ask yourself: Has she ever had acting lessons?
judging by the edge of love shes never been to acting class, but should consider to go in the near future...
they both look really pretty..maybe thats what they should focus on in their future career..
if they can be actresses everybody can!
Great for anemia
Thanks to other reviewers who directed me to this product when I was told I was anemic.
Now been taking these for about 4 months and the anemia is gone.
Good product.
Easily digested (unlike some other iron supplements).
Awesome
This is one of my favorite desserts, and melts quickly in the mouth.
This brand is good and it shipped well-packaged.
Everyone should try this once.
The amazon price is much better than the ones you find at science fairs.
EXCELLENT FOR YOUNG AND OLD
This is a fantastic puzzle/gift for young AND old.
It is 32 triangular strong magnetic pieces that can fit together in a wide number of ways.
It's just great and you'll have trouble keeping it away from the adults.
Another bad zombie movie.
It's another bad zombie movie.
Compared to the majority of thhe others, the only difference here is the main character is a female.
The plot is the same.
The action scenes are not engaging.
Special effects  are so so.
Not very well made
YoYo seems out of balance.
No matter howmuch care I used in throwing it, it wantedto tilt to one side.
Made it difficult tosleep or do tricks.
I have a little experiencewith YoYos and have not had this problem withothers.
absolutely too short to be effective
If you wrap your wrists properly, you'll see these are both too narrow and too short, way too short.
Do not get these if you are hitting the heavy bag.
They just won't protect/support your wrists or knuckles.
